OSDOCS-11648 Table of must-gather flags (#80738)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/must-gather-flags.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="must-gather-flags_{context}"]

> = Flags available to use with the must-gather command

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it's okay to capitalize, but if possible I'd recommend making this more concise, maybe 

```suggestion
= Must-gather flags
```

The flags listed in the following table are available to use with the `oc adm must-gather` command.

> .{product-title} Flags for `oc adm must-gather`

Reviewer: Sentence case

```suggestion
.{product-title} flags for `oc adm must-gather`
```

[cols="1,1,3",options="header"]
|====

> |Flag |Example Command |Use

Reviewer: Sentence case

Also, we typically use "Description" as the header name for the column with details
```suggestion
|Flag |Example command |Description
```

|`--all-images`
|`oc adm must-gather --all-images=false`
|Collect `must-gather` data using the default image for all Operators on the cluster that are annotated with `operators.openshift.io/must-gather-image`.

|`--dest-dir`
|`oc adm must-gather --dest-dir='<directory_name>'`

> |Set a specific directory on the local machine to where the gathered data will be written.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Set a specific directory on the local machine where the gathered data is written.
```
I feel like you are trying to avoid ending with a preposition in this case. However, the [IBM Style Guide](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-prepositions) allows for prepositions at the end of sentences in order to avoid awkward and stilted language.

|`--host-network`
|`oc adm must-gather --host-network=false`
|Run `must-gather` pods as `hostNetwork: true`. Relevant if a specific command and image needs to capture host-level data.

|`--image`
|`oc adm must-gather --image=[<plugin_image>]`

> |Specify a `must-gather` plugin image to run. If not specified, {product-title}'s default `must-gather` image will be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Specify a `must-gather` plugin image to run. If not specified, {product-title}'s default `must-gather` image is used.
```

> |Specify a `must-gather` plugin image to run. If not specified, {product-title}'s default `must-gather` image will be used.

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason the second sentence of line 30 is mostly in italics? Not sure all of that needs to be italicized.

Author: It's not showing up as italicized in the preview, weird.

Reviewer: That sometimes happens when there's a mismatch of single quotes. For some reason GitHub thinks it's italic. But it's not.

You can just ignore that.

> 

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason everything from line 31 on is in italics?

Author: I'm not seeing this in the preview or in VSCode. Super weird.

|`--image-stream`

> |`oc adm must-gather --image-stream=[<namespace>]`

Reviewer: I don't think <namespace> is correct here. Could it be <image_stream>

```suggestion
|`oc adm must-gather --image-stream=[<image_stream>]`
```

Reviewer: I don't think so

> |Specify an image stream (namespace/name:tag) containing a `must-gather` plugin image to run.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Specify an`<image_stream>` using a namespace or name:tag value containing a `must-gather` plugin image to run.
```
no parens, plus I think this is what this means?

Author: You're right.

|`--node-name`
|`oc adm must-gather --node-name='<node>'`

> |Set a specific node to use. If not specified, by default a random master will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Set a specific node to use. If not specified, by default a random master is used.
```

|`--node-selector`
|`oc adm must-gather --node-selector='<node_selector_name>'`
|Set a specific node selector to use. Only relevant when specifying a command and image which needs to capture data on a set of cluster nodes simultaneously.

|`--run-namespace`
|`oc adm must-gather --run-namespace='<namespace>'`

> |An existing privileged namespace where `must-gather` pods should run. If not specified, a temporary namespace will be generated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|An existing privileged namespace where `must-gather` pods should run. If not specified, a temporary namespace is generated.
```

|`--since`
|`oc adm must-gather --since=<time>`

> ||Only return logs newer than the specified duration. Defaults to all logs. Plugins are encouraged but not required to support this. Only one `since-time` or `since` may be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Only return logs newer than the specified duration. Defaults to all logs. Plugins are encouraged but not required to support this. Only one `since-time` or `since` may be used.
```
table is broken here in the preview because of the extra column marker

> |Only return logs newer than a relative duration like 5s, 2m, or 3h. Defaults to all logs. Plugins are encouraged but not required to support this. Only one of `since-time` or `since` may be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Only return logs newer than the specified duration. Defaults to all logs. Plugins are encouraged but not required to support this. Only one `since-time` or `since` may be used.
```

//Is the variable below formatted correctly? Should I link the RFC3339 to
|`--since-time`
|`oc adm must-gather --since-time='<date_and_time>'`

> |Only return logs after a specific date and time, expressed in (link:https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3339[RFC3339]) format. Defaults to all logs. Plugins are encouraged but not required to support this. Only one of `since-time` or `since` may be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Only return logs after a specific date and time, expressed in (link:https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3339[RFC3339]) format. Defaults to all logs. Plugins are encouraged but not required to support this. Only one `since-time` or `since` may be used.
```

|`--source-dir`
|`oc adm must-gather --source-dir='/<directory_name>/'`
|Set the specific directory on the pod where you copy the gathered data from.

|`--timeout`
|`oc adm must-gather --timeout='<time>'`

> |The length of time to gather data before timing out, expressed as 5s, 2m, or 3h. Time must be higher than zero. Defaults to 10 minutes if not specified.

Reviewer 2: The way this is written sort of seems like the only options are 5s, 2m, or 3 h. Is that true?

Author: No, I'll fix it.

|`--volume-percentage`
|`oc adm must-gather --volume-percentage=<percent>`

> |Specify maximum percentage of pod's allocated volume that can be used for `must-gather`. If this limit is exceeded, `must-gather` will stop gathering, but will still copy gathered data. Defaults to 30% if not specified.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Specify maximum percentage of pod's allocated volume that can be used for `must-gather`. If this limit is exceeded, `must-gather` stops gathering, but still copies gathered data. Defaults to 30% if not specified.
```

> |Specify maximum percentage of `must-gather` pod's allocated volume that can be used. If this limit is exceeded, `must-gather` will stop gathering, but will still copy gathered data. Defaults to 30% if not specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Specify maximum percentage of pod's allocated volume that can be used for `must-gather`. If this limit is exceeded, `must-gather` will stop gathering, but will still copy gathered data. Defaults to 30% if not specified.
```
